feat(g-w): Allow the maximum on the maxRunTime property to be configured (#6465)
taskcluster/taskcluster: changelog/issue-6269.md

audience: developers
level: minor
reference: issue 6269
---

> The maximum value for `maxRunTime` on `generic-worker` payloads can now be configured using a `maxTaskRunTime` property on the `generic-worker` config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generic Worker now provides configuration property `maxTaskRunTime` as an upper bound for task payload property `maxRunTime`. Tasks with `maxRunTime` exceeding this value will be resolved as `exception/malformed-payload`.
```
